document integrator (#546)
thelfer/tfel: docs/web/Default-keywords.md

# The `@Integrator` keyword

The `@Integrator` keyword allows the user to construct the implicit system to resolve.

## Specific conventions 

The following conventions apply: 
— sig represents the updated stress (calculated by the code provided after the @ComputeStress keyword);
— eto represents the total strain at the start of the time step;
— deto represents the change in total strain (constant over the time step);
— dT represents the change in temperature (constant over the time step);
— for any internal variable Y, Y represents its value at the start of the time step;
— for any internal variable Y, Y represents the current estimate of the increment of this variable over the time step;
— for any internal variable Y, fY represents the implicit equation associated with this variable;
— for any auxiliary internal variable Y, Y represents its value at the start of the time step;
— for any external variable V, V represents its value at the start of the time step;
— for any external variable V, dV represents its change over the time step (constant over the time step). 

> 
> If NEWTON's algorithm or the first BROYDEN algorithm is used, for any pair of internal variables Yi and Yj, dfYi_ddYj represents the Jacobian term ∂fYi ∂Yj;
> 

Reviewer: This does not make sense for the Default DSL

```suggestion
```

The following conventions apply: 
— sig represents the updated stress (calculated by the code provided after the @ComputeStress keyword);
— eto represents the total strain at the start of the time step;

> — deto represents the change in total strain (constant over the time step);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
— deto represents the increment of the total strain (constant over the time step);
```

> — dT represents the change in temperature (constant over the time step);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
— dT represents the increment of the temperature (constant over the time step);
```

— for any internal variable Y, Y represents its value at the start of the time step;

> — for any internal variable Y, Y represents the current estimate of the increment of this variable over the time step;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
— for any internal variable Y, dY represents the current estimate of the increment of this variable over the time step;
```

— for any internal variable Y, fY represents the implicit equation associated with this variable;
— for any auxiliary internal variable Y, Y represents its value at the start of the time step;
— for any external variable V, V represents its value at the start of the time step;

> — for any external variable V, dV represents its change over the time step (constant over the time step). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
— for any external variable V, dV represents its increment over the time step (constant over the time step). 
```
